{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red11\green76\blue180;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c1961\c38824\c75686;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl768\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Maia Pysklywec
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 ENGR 110 (A05)\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 Monika Smith
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 4 November 2021
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl768\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs32 \cf2 Rhetorical Analysis of Sources: Accommodations of Autistic Employees
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl768\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs32 \cf2 	
\f0\b0 The critical analysis of sources is one of the most necessary skills for any reader. Evaluating sources with a critical eye allows for valid and true research and stops the spread of misinformation, one of the biggest issues in society today. Specifically, the growth of inequity in certain groups, including autistic people, stemmed from the spread of inaccurate information and a lack of critical analysis of sources. This stigmatization of autism has led to inequity in many places, including the workplace. In his peer-reviewed article, Waisman-Nitzan analyzes the benefits of accommodations for autistic employees in the workplace: \'93\'93It\'92s like a ramp for a person in a wheelchair\'94: Workplace accessibility for employees with autism\'94 [1] appearing in the journal of 
\f3\i Research in Developmental Disabilities
\f0\i0  which was published on April 24th, 2021. [1] compares many similar studies of neurodiversity in different contexts and his own study of employees with autism and what they find challenging in the workplace. Similarly, Katherine Breward advocated for accommodations for employees with ASD and how they can improve the environment as a whole: \'93How accommodating workers with autism benefits employers \'96 and all of us,\'94 on the online forum, 
\f3\i The Conversation
\f0\i0  on July 14th 2019 [2]. Both articles provide insightful ideas of accessibility of neurodivergent employees but naturally, were written with distinctive styles in mind. [1] providing a more academic and in-depth study and analysis, [2] comparatively, being a shorter and more casual read but with the same context and ideas. Although both Waisman-Nitzan's peer-reviewed article and Breward\'92s online post provided many solid examples of accommodations to conceptualize ideas, Waisman-Nitzan's peer-reviewed article provides a better academic source due to its consistent use of academic secondary sources, and direct observation [1], [2].
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl768\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 	Waisman-Nitzan's peer-reviewed article's [1] use of secondary sources to validate claims gives a more credible edge when compared to Breward\'92s online site [2] which uses few sources. Throughout the entire article, [1] uses many diverse sources, such as other studies, to add credibility to his claims. For instance, when introducing the hypothesis of the study, Waisman-Nitzan uses many other peer-reviewed articles such as Krause et al.'s study of job retention and accommodations, or Hendricks et al.'s study on employment for people with ASD to defend the necessity of accommodations in the workplace [1 p. 2]. Both these articles add an extra layer of validation to his claims, proving Waisman-Nitzan is a trustworthy source. Comparatively, Breward uses very few specific secondary sources in the entire article itself, making the claims less feasible [2]. The secondary sources in this web article are often pulled from online databases such as Autism Speaks which gave a general overview of sensory issues when referring to the suggestion of reducing stimuli in the workplace [2, para. 18]. Breward also gives suggestions for documenting workplace practices and refers to the use of a general human resources manual [2, para. 25]. In both contexts, Breward uses general secondary sources to loosely support the claim in an attempt to provide credibility [2]. Whereas Waisman-Nitzan\'92s article [1] uses a diverse collection of sources to validate claims by pulling numerous specific articles that pertain to the claim. Thus, Waisman-Nitzan's effective use of secondary sources makes this article a more academically credible article compared to Breward's web page.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl768\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Waisman-Nitzan\'92s use of a direct observational study also gives significant credibility in comparison to Breward\'92s web article which lacks the use of statistics and direct evidence. Waisman-Nitzan's peer-reviewed article [1] is based on a study done with diverse participants on the autism spectrum [1, p. 3]. All this data is consistently referenced in most parts of the text, specifically, comparing how many participants agreed with accommodation when asked about it and how the accommodation measured up in similar studies [1]. For example, the use of clear instructions by a supervisor was agreed upon by 15 of 19 participants and was recommended by 48 studies [1 p. 6].\'a0 The use of this direct evidence helps validate claims and numerically appeals to readers as binary evidence. However, when Breward gives suggestions in her web article, there is very little basis for the recommendations and only references one study on neurodiversity in the workplace [2, para. 26]. Breward gives specific examples of what autistic people struggle with and what would help but gives no grounds for the claim.\'a0 Throughout the text, Breward refers to \'93Some people with autism\'94 [2, para. 16] or \'93workers with autism\'94 [2, para. 27] without referring to who the workers are specifically. Another example of this may include claiming that autistic people have difficulty with eye contact or perceiving social norms [2] with again never referring to who the people who said this are. When comparing the two with a critical eye, the observational evidence provided in the peer-reviewed article makes for a significantly more credible source due to the concrete direct evidence provided.\'a0\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 Although the peer-reviewed article [1] is stronger in an academic context, both articles appeal to logos very well by the number of applicable examples given in the texts [1], [2]. Breward\'92s article [2] gives three general subcategories and breaks them down into many small suggestions. For instance, when referring to having clear communication in the workplace, the suggestion of "Things that may seem obvious...should be explicably explained" [2] expands on the topic and narrows it down to give a specific example. The peer-reviewed article also does the same thing of compiling secondary sources and study results to give specific recommendations [1]. When explaining the results of the study, it is said that many participants struggled with sensory issues in the office and the authors make note of that to give the recommendations of having earphones available to decrease noise or having a quieter location to work in [1 p. 7]. Both articles gave related results on examples of accommodations such as having a supervisor give clear instructions when handing out tasks, having a work mentor to give help and feedback, and having a consistent schedule [1 p. 6] [2]. Examples as such give a conceptualization of a topic and help provide credibility to a claim making both [1] and [2] a strong academic source in terms of use of examples.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl768\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb1 Overall, when looking at both articles with academic research context, both articles give insight suggestions into workplace accommodations. However, Waisman-Nitzer's peer-reviewed article [1] provides a stronger academic source due to its significant use of a wide range of secondary sources, direct observation evidence done by a study, and specific examples to conceive claims made [1]. Conversely, Breward\'91s online article [2] provides plenty of examples to aid with credibility but considering how Breward uses few secondary sources and little statistical evidence, [1] is a more academically credible source [1], [2].\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl768\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 References
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl768\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 [1]\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 M. Waisman-Nitzan, E. Gal and N. Schreuer, \'93\'93It\'92s like a ramp for a person in a wheelchair\'94: Workplace Accessibility for employees with autism,\'94 Research in Developmental Disabilities, vol. 114, pp. 103959, 2021. doi: 10.1016/j.ridd.2021.103959
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 [2]
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 K. Breward, \'93How accommodating workers with autism benefits employers \'96 and all of us\'94 
\f3\i The Conversation, 
\f0\i0 Jul. 14, 2019. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://theconversation.com/how-accommodating-workers-with-autism-benefits-employers-and-all-of-us-119628"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 https://theconversation.com/how-accommodating-workers-with-autism-benefits-employers-and-all-of-us-119628}} (accessed Nov. 04, 21)
\f1\fs24 \
}